Variables.md, before:

# TheNewChat Variables
This is dedicated to providing a list of core variables, as well as, a list of variables of verified
TNC Chat Handlers.

## Colour Codes
The valid colour codes that are usable in TNC's Chat Format Configurations.

| Colour Name  | Character  | Text Version    |
|:------------:|:----------:|:---------------:|
| Aqua         | &b         | \<aqua\>        |
| Black        | &0         | \<black\>       |
| Blue         | &9         | \<blue\>        |
| Dark Aqua    | &3         | \<dark_aqua\>   |
| Dark Blue    | &1         | \<dark_blue\>   |
| Dark Gray    | &8         | \<dark_gray\>   |
| Dark Green   | &2         | \<dark_green\>  |
| Dark Purple  | &5         | \<dark_purple\> |
| Dark Red     | &4         | \<dark_red\>    |
| Gold         | &6         | \<gold\>        |
| Gray         | &7         | \<gray\>        |
| Green        | &a         | \<green\>       |
| Purple       | &d         | \<purple\>      |
| Red          | &c         | \<red\>         |
| White        | &f         | \<white\>       |
| Yellow       | &e         | \<yellow\>      |
| Magic        | &k         | \<magic\>       |
| Bold         | &l         | \<bold\>        |
| Italic       | &o         | \<italic\>      |
| Reset        | &r         | \<reset\>       |
| Strike       | &m         | \<strike\>      |
| Underline    | &n         | \<underline\>   |


## Core
The core variables of The New Chat.

| Name      | Version | Description                         |
|-----------|:-------:|-------------------------------------|
| $username | 1.0     | Returns the player's name.          |
| $display  | 1.0     | Returns the player's display name.  |
| $world    | 1.0     | Returns the player's world.         |
| $level    | 1.0     | Returns the player's exp level.     |
| $xp       | 1.0     | Returns the player's total exp.     |

## The New Kings
The TNK variables of The New King's Chat Handler.

| Name      | Version | Description                         |
|-----------|:-------:|-------------------------------------|
| $village  | 1.0     | Returns the player's village name.  |
| $kingdom  | 1.0     | Returns the player's kingdom name.  |
| $pact     | 1.0     | Returns the player's pact name.     |
| $title    | 1.0     | Returns the player's kingdom title. |

Commit message:

Add Chat types for Towny.

Variables.md, after:

# TheNewChat Variables
This is dedicated to providing a list of core variables, as well as, a list of variables of verified
TNC Chat Handlers.

## Colour Codes
The valid colour codes that are usable in TNC's Chat Format Configurations.

| Colour Name  | Character  | Text Version    |
|:------------:|:----------:|:---------------:|
| Aqua         | &b         | \<aqua\>        |
| Black        | &0         | \<black\>       |
| Blue         | &9         | \<blue\>        |
| Dark Aqua    | &3         | \<dark_aqua\>   |
| Dark Blue    | &1         | \<dark_blue\>   |
| Dark Gray    | &8         | \<dark_gray\>   |
| Dark Green   | &2         | \<dark_green\>  |
| Dark Purple  | &5         | \<dark_purple\> |
| Dark Red     | &4         | \<dark_red\>    |
| Gold         | &6         | \<gold\>        |
| Gray         | &7         | \<gray\>        |
| Green        | &a         | \<green\>       |
| Purple       | &d         | \<purple\>      |
| Red          | &c         | \<red\>         |
| White        | &f         | \<white\>       |
| Yellow       | &e         | \<yellow\>      |
| Magic        | &k         | \<magic\>       |
| Bold         | &l         | \<bold\>        |
| Italic       | &o         | \<italic\>      |
| Reset        | &r         | \<reset\>       |
| Strike       | &m         | \<strike\>      |
| Underline    | &n         | \<underline\>   |


## Core
The core variables of The New Chat.

| Name      | Version | Description                         |
|-----------|:-------:|-------------------------------------|
| $username | 1.0     | Returns the player's name.          |
| $display  | 1.0     | Returns the player's display name.  |
| $world    | 1.0     | Returns the player's world.         |
| $level    | 1.0     | Returns the player's exp level.     |
| $xp       | 1.0     | Returns the player's total exp.     |

## The New Kings
The variables for The New King's Chat Handler.

| Name      | Version | Description                         |
|-----------|:-------:|-------------------------------------|
| $village  | 1.0     | Returns the player's village name.  |
| $kingdom  | 1.0     | Returns the player's kingdom name.  |
| $pact     | 1.0     | Returns the player's pact name.     |
| $title    | 1.0     | Returns the player's kingdom title. |

The chat types for The New King's Chat Handler.

| Name      | Version | Description                                     | 
|-----------|:-------:|-------------------------------------------------|
| Kingdom   |  1.0    | Chat for players in the same kingdom.           |
| Village   |  1.0    | Chat for players in the same village.           |
| Pact      |  1.0    | Chat for players in the same military pact.     |

## Towny
The variables for Towny's Chat Handler.

| Name      | Version | Description                         |
|-----------|:-------:|-------------------------------------|
| $town     | 1.0     | Returns the player's town name.     |
| $nation   | 1.0     | Returns the player's nation name.   |
| $title    | 1.0     | Returns the player's nation title.  |

The chat types for Towny's Chat Handler.

| Name      | Version | Description                                     | 
|-----------|:-------:|-------------------------------------------------|
| Nation    |  1.0    | Chat for players in the same nation.            |
| Town      |  1.0    | Chat for players in the same towny.             |
| Ally      |  1.0    | Chat for players of allied nations.             |
